README.md, before:

# Residual-Network-Project
This repository is for ECE-7123 Deep Learning Mini-Project1.

Our team members:

* Name: Zilong Wu &emsp;  NetID: zw2599
* Name: Jianing Chen &emsp; NetID: jc10034
* Name: Xuchen Hu &emsp; NetID: xh2090


Link to the .ipynb file in Google Colab:

[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1y3N97Py-oafTZjyK2eEyOtuyJfkHihF2/view?usp=sharing) https://drive.google.com/file/d/1y3N97Py-oafTZjyK2eEyOtuyJfkHihF2/view?usp=sharing

## Data Augmentation
This mini project builds a small ResNet architecture to classify images from CIFAR10 and archives over 90% accuracy. In the project, we used 7 different individual augmentation strategies including **crop, flip, color distort, cutout, rotation and Guassian blur**. In the project report we compose different augmentation together with different orders. To realize the composition we need to reconstruct the composition. 

For example, to build crop + vertical flip we need to build:
````
transforms.Compose([
                        transforms.RandomResizedCrop(32,(0.8,1.0)),
                        transforms.RandomVerticalFlip(),
                        transforms.ToTensor(),                 
])
````

Other compositions could be structured in the same way. In the final architecture we build the crop + Horizontal flip + cutout, the result of augmentation is shown in the figure below:

![image](https://github.com/Jianing-Chen/Residual-Network-Project/blob/main/1.jpg)

## Final Architecture
The final residual architecture is 26 layers with [32,64,128,256] channels. The detail of architecture and optimization method could be checked on the model architecture block.

The testing accuracy over the CIFAR10 image datasets is over 90%. The parameters of the final architecture could be download from 
````
from google.colab import files
torch.save(ResNet18.state_dict(), 'project1_model.pt')

# download checkpoint file
files.download('project1_model.pt')
````

Commit message:

Fixed low accuracy problem due to normalization

README.md, after:

# Residual-Network-Project
This repository is for ECE-7123 Deep Learning Mini-Project1. The updated files have fixed the low accuracy problem due to normalization. Please re-evaluate the accuracy with latest files.

Our team members:

* Name: Zilong Wu &emsp;  NetID: zw2599
* Name: Jianing Chen &emsp; NetID: jc10034
* Name: Xuchen Hu &emsp; NetID: xh2090


Link to the .ipynb file in Google Colab:

[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dTOGdb-UenOuRxXyFkPnXyA9gPW9WrdL/view?usp=sharing) https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dTOGdb-UenOuRxXyFkPnXyA9gPW9WrdL/view?usp=sharing

## Data Augmentation
This mini project builds a small ResNet architecture to classify images from CIFAR10 and archives over 90% accuracy. In the project, we used 7 different individual augmentation strategies including **crop, flip, color distort, cutout, rotation and Guassian blur**. In the project report we compose different augmentation together with different orders. To realize the composition we need to reconstruct the composition. 

For example, to build crop + vertical flip we need to build:
````
transforms.Compose([
                        transforms.RandomResizedCrop(32,(0.8,1.0)),
                        transforms.RandomVerticalFlip(),
                        transforms.ToTensor(),
						transforms.Normalize((0.4914, 0.4822, 0.4465), (0.2471, 0.2435, 0.2616)),
])
````

Other compositions could be structured in the same way. In the final architecture we build the crop + Horizontal flip + cutout, the result of augmentation is shown in the figure below:

![image](https://github.com/Jianing-Chen/Residual-Network-Project/blob/main/1.png)

## Final Architecture
The final residual architecture is 26 layers with [32,64,128,256] channels. The detail of architecture and optimization method could be checked on the model architecture block.

The testing accuracy over the CIFAR10 image datasets is over 90%. The parameters of the final architecture could be download from 
````
from google.colab import files
torch.save(ResNet18.state_dict(), 'project1_model.pt')

# download checkpoint file
files.download('project1_model.pt')
````
